Assist: update ATOM Echo procedure to reflect software update (#28255)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/voice_control/thirteen-usd-voice-remote.markdown

## Controlling Home Assistant over the ATOM Echo

1. Press the flat button with rounded shape on your ATOM Echo.
   - The rectangular button on the side is the reset button. Do not press that one.
   - As soon as you press the button, the LED will light up in blue.
   - While you are speaking, the blue LED is pulsing.
   - Once the intent has been processed, the LED lights up in green and Home Assistant confirms the action.
2. Say a [supported voice command](/voice_control/builtin_sentences/). For example, *Turn off the light in the kitchen*.   
      - Make sure you’re using the area name exactly as you defined it in Home Assistant.
      - You can also ask a question, such as
          - *Is the front door locked?*
          - *Which lights are on in the living room?*

> 3. Your command is not supported? [Add your own commands](/integrations/conversation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Your command is not supported? Add your own command using [the sentence trigger](/docs/automation/trigger/#sentence-trigger).
```

(I don't really like the link to sentence trigger because it links to YAML…)

Reviewer: Alternative link would be [/blog/2023/07/05/release-20237/#sentence-trigger](https://www.home-assistant.io/blog/2023/07/05/release-20237/#sentence-trigger)

Author: or this one: [/voice_control/custom_sentences/](https://www.home-assistant.io/voice_control/custom_sentences/) ?

Author: Thank you for the catch! Made a suggestion.
